All right, agents have seen both docs. I didn't clearly see how they responded, so there's a slight chance they may have read it, gone through it, but not really done much. I'm gonna look later. Outside of that, we are now at about 52-ish repos, I think? Yeah, I think 52. I've seen, let's just say 5 to 10. We want to say extreme, maybe at most 15 more. 15 more that we might want to absorb or remove off the top of my head. That is localbase, rip fitness app going into Pheno apps, Pheno infra, Pheno tooling, Pheno AI, Pheno GFX, all of those sort of library repos being merged into Pheno as one repo. I think anything else would fall along the same sort of lines if we do it, outside of those repos where I actually want to keep the parent repo and work on it, which is not a lot, few and far between. Past that, I want a codebase atlas and QA matrix plus SROC CDP system for all the remaining active repos that are currently sort of a ZZ non-ZZ naming system. I asked agents to do new tags. They didn't do renames, and I'm a little concerned their tags may not be done smartly, such as they're not useful enough for me to actually categorize my work and they're too sort of sparse in diversity. So I need to double check that as well. Past that, yeah, the core goal now is a codebase atlas and then figuring out why every line of code, or I guess really more accurately, effectively every line of anything exists, right? Why does every file, folder, line in that file, and so on exist in the way that it does? And then given all that, what strictly has to be the way it still does, and then what is dissatisfaction? Again, basically Tracera by hand. We want to lower our actual maintenance burden as much as we can, but does mean rewriting code in such a way that doesn't reduce the functionality, performance benefits, or other bullshitty semantics. We want to heavily, heavily expand your use of dependencies with means set up for reasonable patching or other methods where it's necessary, or just abstracting and wrapping them where necessary effectively. Doing everything you can to avoid a complete 100% hand roll. Past that, hexagonal architecture, applets, federations, all the other things that we're supposed to be doing that we have not been doing. Or if we have been, they're sparse. Then comes again, specifications. We need to have everything filled out, not just the fact that we have specifications, but as granular and complete, comprehensive, and so on as it can go. So this doesn't mean a short, you know, one FR, two FR, not even 10 or 100 FRs. I genuinely expect close to hundreds or thousands of elements or entities for every single sort of data type that I can bring up, whether it be an FR or something else, because all these products are large, complex, and multifaceted. There's a lot of things we expect. And I can promise you those are not complete either. And as a result, people will have conflicting ideas on how to deal with things, which is a problem. So I guess from where you can right now, the prompt after this response will be to actually create a docs for from agents when I'm back home. Right now, I want you to do what you can do based on what you take from this prompt and all of our other memories, conversations, etc., and what needs to be done now. You'd ignore the 10 to 15 that we might remove, but you keep them in mind. But you tell me, given our, let's just say 20 to 30 active repos, or maybe a little bit more, 20 to 35, we'll see, be safe. Given those, what's the best thing we can do now? We talked about making Tracera our sort of go-ahead acceleration. Let's forget about that and assume we have enough energy to basically pump both a heavy run on Tracera. Let's just say we go instead of one agent doing Tracera, let's say we have 10 interactive chats running something they want against Tracera multiple workspaces, and on top of that, we could afford up to two chats per remaining repo. That is not a dependency repo, every project level repo. So everything else you have to consider bundled in, or you have a sort of chat that does the sort of unrelated dependencies itself, things like that. So walk us through every repository codebase atlas, health, state, and more importantly, the SOTA and what a case study or pilot comparison against alternatives and competition should look like currently and in theory, what is better right now. Again, not the simple things, everything. That means when you go into sort of code writing, sort of things like Agent Tora, which is now absorbed, Agent Tora against something like LangChain, Crew AI, or Mastro should also have comparisons like writing ergonomics, on top of things like performance, paradigms, and everything else. Why would I use this over what already exists, right? And again, that is less of a concern in this situation because it's not really something I can justify in this sense, but why would I use this when something exists that professional developers are working on, whereas this is, in my eyes, I'm a random person in this case, AI-generated slop. How is this slop achieving something that is, at the very least, as reliable and as good in every single way, and in enough areas at a compelling level, better or novel?
